Hello, I am Lordos Axos! (IGN: _x_LordAxo_x) I am the leader of the ASR/Axos Union. We are currently looking for recruits and are currently
 at 15 members, we are far ahead of other clans in organization. To join the ASR you do not have to join the clan as we instead keep track 
of our members and settlements via a database that will soon be made public once we repair the website (had some setup problems). Our capital
 is called Axford, located around x9000~ z4000~. Currently we are expanding our roads across the tundra and hopefully when they reach far 
enough we can make them compatible with future allies. The 2nd in command is _Rocketinator23 (the Admiral). And his brother _Rocketinator51
 is 3rd (Alligant General). We also have a complex law system that will be availible for download on the website. You may notice some images
 attached to this message, ASR Ranking.png is a diagram of the rank system, and ASR Screensaver.png is the wallpaper some members use on their
 device. To the left of the Emblem is the Lord (Me) and to the right is the Admiral. For a little info on our history: The Axos Union was 
founded on an Earth server named REDACTED on the 15th of June 2025,  to try and bring socialism to the highly populist world. On the 3rd day
 the capital city, Rubicon, was invaded by an empire known as the OutCasts, shortly after war was declared, after two months of conflict with
 them and several other sides a ceasefire was agreed and both remaining sides backed out. From then on the Union expanded to become the 2nd
 largest empire on that server until pressure from both neighbouring empires forced the Union to collapse, eventually the remaining players
 in a destroyed Rubicon got together and ran away to this server and found refuge in a tundra, which is now Axford...

... looking back at how far the ASR has come since it being founded is incredible and we would like to try and use this 2nd chance at a 
successful empire to make the server a better place. If you need to contact me in specific head to AxoWasTaken@outlook.com and if you want to
 contact the ASR formally head to AxosUnion@outlook.com, Thank you for reading this and we look forward to hearing from you! Axo*
